Main Heading: MiniLab BOD Analyzer
Paragraph: The MiniLab BOD Analyzer is the robotic analyzer boasting quick setup, precision robotics, true flexibility and reliablility for automated BOD (Biochemical Oxygen Demand). Transform your laboratory’s BOD analysis and boost your productivity.

With streamlined software configuration and minimal user interaction, MiniLab BOD Analyzer users with varying levels of expertise will enjoy complete automated BOD analysis with “walkaway” sample preparation and analysis. The MiniLab BOD Analyzer will completely automate your standard BOD5 or BOD7 method using precision robotics to mimic your manual methods and take care of even the most tedious preparation tasks including filling, washing and rinsing. You just provide the sample!

Heading: For Automated BOD Choose the MiniLab BOD Analyzer:
Paragraph:Automate every step* in the typical Biochemical Oxygen Demand analysis (BOD analysis) including:
Points:     Sample pipetting, pre-dilutions
    Barcode reading
    Bottle capping/ de-capping
    pH measurement and adjusting pH
    Addition of dilution water
    Addition of the nitrification inhibitor (ATU) and/ or seed
    Sample aeration
    Sample homogenization
    Measurement of dissolved oxygen
    Calculation and validation BOD 
    Integrate to LIMs.
paragraph:*Depending on options selected
image: minilab.png

Main Heading: MiniLab Multi-Parameter Robot
paragraph: The MiniLab Multi-Parameter robotic handling system fully automates sample preparation and analysis for pH, conductivity, colour, DO, total acid/ total base and turbidity measurements in a single unit. The MiniLab Multi-Parameter robot will completely mimic your manual sample preparation methods and then analyse the samples for a wide range of parameters. The MiniLab Multi-Parameter robot will take care of even the most tedious sample preparation tasks including filling, washing and rinsing. You just add the sample!

Replacing your manual sample preparation methods and multiple analyzers with a single robot will transform your laboratory and boost your productivity. Combining the analysis of pH, conductivity, color, DO, total acid/ total base and turbidity into a single bench-top robot eliminates the need for multiple analyzers, saves bench space, time and money

paragraph: It takes minimal technical expertise and minimal user interaction to operate the MiniLab Multi-Parameter robot making it easy to confidently achieve true “walkaway” sample preparation and analysis. 

Heading: The MiniLab Multi-Parameter Robot can automate every step* of your sample preparation and analysis including:
Points:     
    Sample pipetting, pre-dilutions
    Barcode reading
    Bottle capping/ de-capping
    pH measurement and adjusting pH
    Addition of dilution water
    Addition of the nitrification inhibitor (ATU) and/ or seed
    Sample aeration
    Sample homogenization
    Measurement 
    Calculation and validation 
    Integration to LIMs.
paragraph: *Depending on options selected
image: minilab.png

Main heading: Robotic pH & Electrical Conductivity
Heading: Minilab 1200 automates pH and Electrical Conductivity
paragraph: The SEAL Minilab Series is your cost-effective solution for automating pH and Electrical Conductiviy –

BOD, COD, pH, Turbidity, Conductivity, colour, alkalinity and more!

SEAL Minilab can automate the typical pH and Electrical Conductivity analysis by automating*:

points: 
    Software version: Available multiple LOCAL language including Dutch, English, Korean etc.
    Easy LIMS integration
    Locked protective front and side covers complying with CE regulations
    Manipulator 2pc
    Built in Pump: Pump for dosing of extraction liquid/ integration in analyser
    64 sample positions of 100 ml beakers (2x racks of 32 positions each)
    144 sample positions of 50 ml beakers (2x racks of 72 positions each)
    
paragrpah: *Depending on options chosen
image: roboticph.png

Main Heading: MiniLab For Soil Samples
paragraph: Analyzing soil quality is important for maximizing crop yield in agricultural applications and for assessment of interferences in natural terrestrial ecosystems. The MiniLab offers consistent automation solutions for various steps in soil sample pre-treatment and analysis. The MiniLab boasts quick setup, precision robotics, true flexibility and reliablility for the automated analysis & pre-treatment of soil samples. Transform your laboratory and boost your productivity!
Heading: pH in Soil
paragrpah:For pH measurement in soil, the MiniLab will dispense requested volumes of extractant into the vial, stir and leave for a designated time. The MiniLab will automatically calibrate from your provided set of standards and then test the soil samples along with quality checks as set-up in the software. As with all MiniLab systems, additional parameters can be added, and system size can vary depending on your laboratories’ needs. 
Heading: Soil analysis automation can include:
points: 
    pH probe calibration
    Addition of extraction solution
    Stirring
    pH measurement
Heading:Particle Size Distribution/ Clay Fraction
Paragraph: The SEAL MiniLab is also perfectly suited to performing the clay fraction procedure. The system adds the sodium pyrophosphate to the sample and adds distilled water to bring the suspension to volume. The sample is then homogenized. After the settling period, an aliquot of the suspension is taken at the appropriate depth and dispensed into an evaporation dish. The clay fraction is calculated after evaporation (drying) of the sample trays. Suitable for ISO procedure ISO 11277.
Heading: Automation Includes:
points:     
    Addition of sodium pyrophosphate 
    Fill to volume water addition 
    Sample homogenization
    Sample pipetting 
    Sample drying 
    Calculation
image: minilab.png
